Add link for Roborock documentation for API. (#28160)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/roborock.markdown

If you can add your device to the Roborock app - it is supported. However, some older vacuums like the Roborock S5 must be connected using the Mi Home app and can be set up in Home Assistant through the [Xiaomi Miio](/integrations/xiaomi_miio/) integration.

### What features will you support?

> We are working on adding a lot of features to the core integration. We have reverse-engineered over [100 commands](https://python-roborock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_commands.html). The documentation is currently very barebones, and we are looking for users to help us make it more complete. The following are some of the functionalities we plan to add to Home Assistant Core. We ask that you are patient with us as we add them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are working on adding a lot of features to the core integration. We have reverse-engineered over [100 commands](https://python-roborock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_commands.html). The documentation is currently very bare-bones, and we are looking for users to help us make it more complete. The following are some of the functionalities we plan to add to Home Assistant Core. We ask that you are patient with us as we add them.
```
